Ah don't you think
You already knew that there was an insider in our group
A long time ago.
Frequent appearances within the Chamber of Commerce
The theft of top-secret documents
And there are always suspicious things coming and going
Access to top-secret conference rooms, etc
Except me.
Only Yang Xin
And you Feng is still there, you old fox
No wonder you brought me and Yang Mi with you on your first trip back to China
So you had a plan?
Right
Feng Haicai
Isn't that too much for you to say, even if I don't take you with me?
Won't you come along?
This time for you
Is the best chance
When did you find out who I am?
To be honest, you're in a hurry
Just came back from abroad
Contact the local forces
You contact the Gao family and the Cao family first.
And then take advantage of the entire basement
Take the Tokyo consortium
Do you really think I don't know you do these things?
So you already knew
You can put it this way
You slander your conscience
Frame Satsuki
I know everything you do